<message><from> ac.uk </from><to> co.uk </to><subject><text_normal> ^ re : photocopies </text_normal></subject><date> 19 apr 2003 11:44:08 +0100 </date><content-type> multipart/mixed </content-type><message_body><part num="1" type="text/plain"><text_normal> ^ hi everybody . ^ i 've made the changes we discussed in our meeting , so i was ^ wondering if you could take a careful look and see if you can find any errors , as  ame had suggested . ^ please bear in mind that i have to send the ^ forms on monday evening at the latest . ^ i 'll also take a look myself , of course . ^ many thanks . ^  ame  ame ! ^  ame ^ on  ame  um  um ,  ame east wrote : </text_normal><text_embedded> ^  ame , ^  ame . ^ another thing i thought of - after the changes have been made to the style guide and the order form , would it be a good idea to get someone else to proof-read them , before it is given to  ame ? ^ it would look a bit bad if the  ame  ame 's texts had errors in ! ! ^ also , could people check that  ame  ame 's email (  mail ) ^ is * removed * from their group editorial team emails ? ^ it was on there as a ^ cc . ^ and i forgot to take it off . ^ thank you ! ^ see y' all saturday . . . . . ... ^  ame ^ hello guys , ^ i have just checked again that e-mail sent from the rceal secretary and realised i was wrong about its  ame closing dates . ^ it will be open on tuesday the 22nd , so i will print the forms out then and leave them in  ame 's pigeonhole . ^ i am sorry for the worry i caused you . ^ have a nice weekend ,  ame ^ on  ame  um  um ,  ame  ame wrote : <text_embedded> ^ hi everybody . ^ i 'm forwarding the order form and the styleguide for everyone to see , as  ame suggested . ^ i should have done it earlier , sorry about that . ^ as for the meeting , if you want us to have one , i 'd ^ suggest this friday ,  um a.m. , same venue . ^ what do you think ? ^ please let ^ me know . ^  ame ^ on  ame  um  um ,  ame east wrote : <text_embedded> ^  ame , ^ ok , good ,  um gr is a more reasonable weight . ^ i can come to a meeting this week if people want to have one . ^ personally i think it would be helpful for people manning the stall ^ to look at the orderform this week , just because many minds are better than  um ( even though  ame is a great mind ! ^ xxx ) and it ^ might be useful to look at it this week in case there is anything that might be good to add , or to change , if it is not set in stone already . ^ the same for the guidelines - i saw them briefly and they looked fab - would it be good to circulate those so we can have a good look at them , and know what we are heading for etc , and also get ^ feedback from on them as well , before they go up on the web ? ^ then also we will know what we are talking about when we get queries on the stall at  ame , which we undoubtably will . ^ i agree that it 's good to get all the money off of people in advance ^ if possible ! ^ hopefully though there will be late orderings too . ^ i think that we will need a treasurer ? ? ? ^ i think that  ame , who is ^ currently the treasurer for all things leading up to the conference ^ day itself , wo n't " exist " after the tidying up period after the day ^ of the conference so it might be worth thinking about that . ^ re . ^ the stall : so there are  um coffee breaks , registration , lunch and wine reception to cover . ^ i do n't know which will be busiest , thinking of staffing - i would have said the wine reception because then peopl i will have been to the talks but on the other hand they might all be knackered and go home . ^ unfortunately i ca n't volunteer as i 'm tied up all day with other stuff , but i will try and promote the proceedings wherever i go , and encourage people to visit the stall . ^ i think we should also have a pile of order forms on the stall as well , and we will need a big sign . ^ also , the  ame conference can ^ only take cheques ( this is a nightmare as you can imagine ) - is the ^ proceedings going to go through the same channels ? ^ if so , then we will only be able to take cheques as well , which means , since people ^ do n't carry their chequebooks around with them normally , that someone ^ needs to be a " cash converter " to take the cash and write a cheque instead . ^ basically i think a meeting with an agenda would probably be a good idea if enough people think it is worthwhile in order to get a clear picture of what is happening on the day , of what we will be asking fo  har from presenters , and to think about the next few months . ^ also , sorry , i just remembered something else - can anyone use  ame  ame databases ? ^ i am using access to organise presenters and delegates so if someone can use this , it will be relatively easy to hand this over as we will need to have lists of email addresses and keep track of who is sending in a paper , and what stage they are at  har  har the editing process . ^ i dreamt about the proceedings last night - this i hope is a good ome  har but clearly does not say much about me ... ^ best wishes to everyone , ^  ame ^ cc kirsty - i 'm only forwarding this to you in case i have said something stupid that clashes with how things have already been planned ! ! ^ hi everybody . ^ it seems that most of the remaining issues have been arranged . ^ so :  har ) the order form , together with the styleguide and the ^ template , will be also available on the web from the end of the week . ^ since there has been a cancellation of  um oral presentation , there 's ^ enough space to allocate  um pages for each paper , and this is clearly ^ stated in the styleguide . ^ ii )  ame : i assume that we have tacitly ^ accepted the offer made by  ame  ame , since we can actually ^ order the final number of volumes after the conference . ^ we 'll contact ^ them immediately after the conference to finalize the arrangement . ^ we 've found out that the actual weight will be around 700gr , so we have included in the order form the prices for postage accordingly : ^  ound;  um for  ame and  ound;  um for  ame . ^ this price also covers packaging . ^ i think it 's much more convenient to pay everything in advance , both for the the people who 'll buy them and for us . ^ iii ) there remains only tha matter of people who will be at our desk during the conference . ^ we need people : at  um for  um hour , which is the time ^ for registration ; for the coffee breaks ,  um min each , at  um ,  um ^ and  um ; for the lunch , from  um till  um ; and for the wine reception , from  um till  um . ^ so , i think it 'd be great if you could just send me an e-mail saying if you are willing to do this and ^ at which slot , so that we can have the most convenient arrangement for everybody , if possible . ^ since there 's only the matter of our desk ^ to be taken care of , i don;t think we absolutely need the meeting . ^ do ^ you think we can arrange this final detail by e-mail ? ^ please let me ^ know your views . ^ i 'll be waiting for your e-mails . ^ many thanks . ^ have ^ a nice day  ame </text_embedded></text_embedded></text_embedded></part></message_body></message>