<message>
<date> fri, 24 jan 2003 23:50:42 +0000 </date>
<from> ac.uk </from>
<to> org </to>
<subject>
<text_normal> 

^ re : [ &name ] &name &num of &num 
</text_normal>
</subject>
<content-type> text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed </content-type>
<message_body>
<text_normal> 

^ hi all , 
^ first of all , a big thanks to &name ... to bring out the true to picture to those of us who are still slumbering ! ! ! 
^ i have a few things to say ... 
^ - -on &num january &num &num : &num &num " &name &name " ( &email ) wrote : 
</text_normal>
<text_embedded> 

^ i 'll remind everyone that they should have understood &name , checked out the current src and &name modules and have your own stuff added to the repository by now . 
^ sunday is too late to be fiddling with this stuff . 
</text_embedded>
<text_normal> 

^ for those who still have n't managed to get their head around &name , please readup about the &name online and try out &name ( &website still having trouble , i would suggest clarifying it out tomorrow afternoon . 
^ &name , please would you confirm if a repository has been setup on the &name as well . 
</text_normal>
<text_embedded> 

^ note that the docs have to be handed by &num noon on tuesday , and thus we need to have them finished by monday . 
^ that means we are on day &num out of &num . 
^ the spec document must be &num words long . 
^ we have &num words in the requirements document ( &name is working on the latex version of this , and he will have them done by saturday morning ) 
</text_embedded>
<text_normal> 

^ i have also figured out &name ( at least bits of it ) and thus , would be eager to help out &name . 
</text_normal>
<text_embedded> 

^ thus we need another &num words . 
^ &name , &name , &name , &name & &name are down to get the specs done . 
^ &name , &name and i stayed until &num on thursday designing stuff . 
^ as a result of this i am writing the module definitions for the distribution system and &name is / has written the module design for the factorisation system . 
</text_embedded>
<text_normal> 

^ thursday afternoon was a very fruitful session indeed . 
^ i am ready to sit down tomorrow and type out / draw out any docs /figures that need to be drafted . 
^ it would be very useful if we made reports of all our relevant discussions so far . 
^ eg. reports on : 
^ - &name &name &name 
^ - data flow in the factorisation part 
^ - distribution model ( i think we should include &name 's currying idea even if we are not implementing it ... as it was brilliant .. ) 
^ - &name design & &name 
</text_normal>
<text_embedded> 

^ somewhere we need to articulate &name 's work on these algorithms . 
^ this could be javadocs or in latex . 
</text_embedded>
<text_normal> 

^ i envisage this goin into our &name and optimisations section . 
</text_normal>
<text_embedded> 

^ i suggest that everyone should meet at the &name at &num on saturday . 
^ we can have at least &num groups of us , one on the spec . 
^ &name and one on the module interfaces . 
^ the aim to get those &num words typed in , and to finish the module interfaces . 
</text_embedded>
<text_normal> 

^ good idea - i would like to carry it further to suggest we split into groups of &num and get all the little bits done . 
^ please be prepared to slog ur asses off tomorrow as we must get everything done ! ! ! 
</text_normal>
<text_embedded> 

^ i got this from deliverables.html : the deliverables expected for each of the &num review meetings ... 
^ functional specification and module design 
^ * introduction - informal description of project 
^ * assumptions - to clarify specification 
^ * environment - choice of language and tools 
^ * inputs , functions & outputs 
^ * overall architecture 
^ * specification of components and their test requirements 
^ * &name acceptance criteria 
^ * division of tasks - including manager , librarian , secretary , documentation as well as design , coding , troubleshooting and arrangements for covering each other 
^ we also need a project plan - who is doing this ? 
</text_embedded>
<text_normal> 

^ i have been looking into a special project management software ... i shall come up with something to tell all of you tomorrow . 
^ i am happy to do the project plan . 
</text_normal>
<text_embedded> 

^ what kind of user interface are we aiming for ? 
</text_embedded>
<text_normal> 

^ i think we should all write down some ideas on this and discuss them in the first half hour tomorrow before splitting up and churning out dome docs . 
</text_normal>
<text_embedded> 

^ please could everyone re-read the deliverables and check we have n't missed anything - it is better to worry now than to miss an important part out . 
</text_embedded>
<text_normal> 

^ definitely . ... please come prepared tomorrow ... &name and refreshments are welcome ! ! ! 
^ i would like our work to be as professional as possible . 
^ i am sure i have support from all of you on this . 
^ let us all ensure that we have a very smooth execution on wednesday . 
^ &name is looking into a formal hall where we can amply chill out after a weeks toil ! ! 
^ &name 's get this done ( properly ! ) ! ! ! 
^ cheers , &name 
^ &name &name vice president &name university &name &name and business association ( &name ) &website 
^ &name college &name &name : &num web : &website 
^ lima-committee mailing list &email 
</text_normal>
</message_body>
</message>